[Docs] Smallish overhaul of the docs (#5281)
qmk/qmk_firmware: docs/keymap.md

* We have used our `_______` definition to turn `KC_TRNS` into `_______`. This makes it easier to spot the keys that have changed on this layer.
* While in this layer if you press one of the `_______` keys it will activate the key in the next lowest active layer.

> ### **(DEPRECIATED)** Custom Functions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### **(DEPRECATED)** Custom Functions
```

And here too ;)

> <!-- Maybe we should remove this section, since it's very deprecated -->

Reviewer 2: why not go ahead and do this, remove it?

Author: Well, it's used in some keymaps, so I wasn't sure it should be completely removed, yet. 

But yeah, I do want to completely remove this.

> <!-- Maybe we should remove this section, since it's very depreciated -->

Reviewer 3: s/depreciated/deprecated

> !> Functions are depreciated in favor of [custom macros](feature_macros.md) or have been rolled into keycodes.  

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
!> These functions are deprecated in favor of [custom macros](feature_macros.md) or have been rolled into keycodes.  
```
